Legal
^^^^^


Website owner
=============
Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg

Freyeslebenstraße 1
91058 Erlangen
E-Mail: poststelle@fau.de

#Legal form and representation
Körperschaft des Öffentlichen Rechts. Legally represented by Präsident Prof. Dr. Joachim Hornegger.
The responsibility for contributions marked by name or with a separate imprint lies with the respective authors.

Responsibility for content
==========================
Prof. Dr. Michaela Mahlberg

Nürnberger Str. 74
91052 Erlangen
EMail: michaela.mahlberg@fau.de
Editorial and technical contacts

EMail: dhss-kontakt@fau.de
Responsible controlling authority
Bayerisches Staatsministerium für Wissenschaft und Kunst

Salvatorstraße 2
80327 München
URL: https://www.stmwk.bayern.de/
Telefon: +49 89 2186 0
E-Mail: poststelle@ldbv.bayern.de
ID numbers
VAT identification number	DE 132507686
Tax number	216/114/20045 (Finanzamt Erlangen)
DUNS number	327958716
EORI number	DE4204891
Bank details:	Bayerische Landesbank München
IBAN: DE66700500000301279280
SWIFT/BIC-Code: BYLADEMMXXX
Report misuse of computers and network resources
Contact point for reporting misuse of computers and network resources.

IT-Sicherheit
URL: https://www.rrze.fau.de/abuse/
Postanschrift:
IT-Sicherheit
Martensstraße 1
91058 Erlangen


Description and scope of data processing
========================================
Contact forms are available on our website that can be used to contact us electronically. If a user makes use of this possibility, the data they enter in the input form are transmitted to us and stored. The contact forms list and explain which data is required. The contact forms indicate if there are any deviations from or additions to the principles, purpose and duration of storage as presented here.

Legal basis for data processing
===============================
The legal basis for the processing of the data transmitted in the course of sending an email is Article 6 (1) lit. e DSGVO i.V.m. Art. 4 and 5 BayDSG for the fulfilment of the tasks of § 5 TMG, Art. 3 para. 1 BayEGovG and § 2 BayBITV

If the email contact aims to conclude a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.

Purpose of data processing
==========================
The personal data from the input form are processed solely for the purpose of contacting the user. If the user contacts us by email, this also constitutes our legitimate interests in processing the data.
All other personal data processed during the dispatch of an email serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure that our IT systems are secure.

Storage period
==============
Data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for fulfilling the purpose for which they were collected. This is the case for the personal data from the input template of the contact form and those data sent by email when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is regarded to have ended when it can be seen from the circumstances that the subject matter in question has been conclusively settled.

Options for filing an objection
===============================
For reasons that arise from your particular situation, you may also object to the processing of personal data relating to us by us at any time (Art. 21 GDPR). If the legal requirements are met, we will no longer process your personal data in the following.

Obligation to provide
=====================
Insofar as the personal data required for the performance of the contract is not specified, this is not possible for us.

Siteimprove Analytics
=====================

Description and scope of data processing
This website uses Siteimprove Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Siteimprove. Siteimprove Analytics uses „cookies“, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the FAU analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookies about the visitors’ use of the website will be stored and processed by Siteimprove on servers in Denmark.

IP addresses are anonymized irreversibly before data is made available in the Siteimprove Analytics or Intelligence Suite for the FAU.

The FAU will use this information for evaluating the visitors’ use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and ultimately for improving the website experience for its visitors. Siteimprove will not transmit this information to third parties or use it for any marketing or advertising purposes.

These are the cookies used by Siteimprove Analytics on this website:
====================================================================

Cookie name: nmstat
Cookie type: Persistent - expires after 1000 days
About: This cookie is used to help record visitors' use of the website. It is used to collect statistics about site usage such as when the visitor last visited the site. The cookie contains no personal information and is used only for web analytics.
Cookie name: AWSELB / AWSELBCOR
Cookie type: Session cookie
About: The AWSELB cookie ensures that all page views for the same visit (user session) are sent to the same endpoint. This enables us to determine the sequence of a user's page views needed for features like Behavior Tracking and Funnels.
By using this website, the visitor consents to the processing of data about him/her by Siteimprove in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Legal basis for the processing of personal data
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 (1) (e) GDPR in relation with Art. 4 BayDSG, especially the specification under § 15 (3) TMG and Art. 10 BayHSchG.

SSL encryption
==============
Our website uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential information, for example enquiries you send to us as operators of the website. You can recognise an encrypted connection when the browser's address line changes from http:// to https:// and a padlock appears in your web browser.

If SSL encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.

Rights of the data subject
==========================
With regard to the processing of your personal data, you as a data subject are entitled to the following rights pursuant to Art. 15 et seq. GDPR:

You can request information as to whether we process your personal data. If this is the case, you have the right to information about this personal data as well as further information in connection with the processing (Art. 15 GDPR). Please note that this right of access may be restricted or excluded in certain cases (cf. in particular Art. 10 BayDSG).
In the event that personal data about you is (no longer) accurate or incomplete, you may request that this data be corrected and, if necessary, completed (Art. 16 GDPR).
If the legal requirements are met, you can demand that your personal data be erased (Art. 17 GDPR) or that the processing of this data be restricted (Art. 18 DSGVO). However, the right to erasure pursuant to Art. 17 (1) and (2) GDPR does not apply, inter alia, if the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority or in the exercise of official authority vested (Art. 17 para. 3 letter b GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing, you have the right to withdrawal it at any time. The withdrawal will only take effect in the future; this means that the withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing operations carried out on the basis of the consent up to the withdrawal.
For reasons arising from your particular situation, you may also object to the processing of your personal data by us at any time (Art. 21 GDPR). If the legal requirements are met, we will subsequently no longer process your personal data.
Insofar as you have consented to the processing of your personal data or have agreed to the performance of the contract and the data processing is carried out automated , you may be entitled to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR).
You have the right to lodge a complaint to a supervisory authority within the meaning of Art. 51 GDPR about the processing of your personal data. The responsible supervisory authority for Bavarian public authorities is the Bavarian Data Protection Commissioner, Wagmüllerstraße 18, 80538 Munich.
